Add Note Display & User guide add-on (#182)
AY2021S1-CS2113-T13-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Format: `add-n /t TITLE [/tag TAG_1] [/tag TAG_2]... [/pin ISPIN] [/archive ISARCHIVE]`

> 💡 Each note has to have a **UNIQUE** title and it is **CASE-INSENSITIVE**. <br>
> 💡 New notes cannot have the same title as those in the archives. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
💡 Each note has to have a **UNIQUE** title and it is **CASE-INSENSITIVE**. <br>
💡 As an extension to the above point, new notes cannot have the same title as those archived. <br>
```

- Existing values will be updated to the input values.
- When editing tags, the existing tags will be removed, while the non-existing tags will be added.

> 💡 Note cannot have the same title as those in the archives. <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
💡 Each note has to have a **UNIQUE** title and it is **CASE-INSENSITIVE**. <br>
💡 As an extension to the above point, new notes cannot have the same title as those archived. <br>
```
